Annual meetings of the Watchtower Bible and Track Society of Pennsylvania have been held
for many years, in fact, since January 1885.
They have been held in different states in the U.S. and in 1983 in Britain.
This year, 2020, the corporate meeting is being held by video conference.
The spiritual program has been recorded for the benefit of the brothers all over the
Earth. This is a historic annual meeting.
In the past, we have had some historic annual meetings.
For example, at the annual meeting held on October 2, 1944 in Pittsburgh, the members of
the Pennsylvania Corporation adopted six resolutions amending its charter.
The charter had provided that voting shares be issued to contributors of funds to the
Society's work, but the Third Amendment eliminated that provision.
Thereafter, the reactors of the Society were to be voted into office by individuals who
were fully devoted to Jehovah, irrespective of the amount of money that they contributed
to advance the Kingdom work.
After the historic annual meeting in 1944, a vital question remained.
Since the governing body was then closely identified with the Pennsylvania Corporations
Seven Member Board of Directors, did this mean that the governing body could never be
made up of more than seven anointed Christians?
Moreover, since the directors are elected by the members of the corporation, where the
corporation members electing members of the governing body at the annual meeting each year,
are the directors and officers of the Watchtower Bible and Track Society of Pennsylvania and
the members of the governing body one and the same, or are they different?
These questions were answered years later.
They were answered at the annual meeting held on October 1, 1971, another historic annual
meeting.
On that occasion, one of the speakers pointed out that the governing body preceded the
Watchtower Bible and Track Society of Pennsylvania by hundreds of years.
Now, contract to some who opposed Jehovah and the earthly part of his organization and
claim there was no governing body in the first century, and hence they see no need for
a governing body today.
A governing body was formed at Pentecost of 33 CE, more than 18 centuries before the Pennsylvania
Corporation came into existence.
The first, the governing body consisted of 12 apostles.
Its number was enlarged later for the apostles and older men in Jerusalem were taking the
lead.
Now, notice what happened later here in the Bible book of Acts in chapter 15.
So other issues had been handled by the 12 apostles, but now with this circumcision
issue that came up amongst the congregations.
Notice what we read here in verse 2 of Acts 15, but after quite a bit of dissension and
disputing by Paul and Barnabas with them, it was arranged for Paul, Barnabas, and some
of the others to go up to the apostles and elders in Jerusalem regarding this issue.
So the issue was going to be settled by the first century governing body.
And now it's larger than the apostles.
It included the elders and the apostles in Jerusalem.
Now what is the benefit of following the direction from the governing body in the first
century?
And by extension today, notice in Acts 16, verse 4 and 5, they're carrying the decree
there, and it mentions as they traveled on through the cities, they would deliver to
them for observation, observance, excuse me, the decrees that had been decided on by the
apostles and the elders who were in Jerusalem.
Now notice, then indeed, the congregations continued to be made firm in the faith and
to increase in number day by day.
That beautiful, there was a governing body, they didn't have a need for legal entities
to advance the kingdom work in the first century, but they did indeed need a governing body.
As long as conditions in this world permit, the governing body will make use of legal entities.
If a legal entity is dissolved by a government decree, the preaching work will still go on.
Even now, in lands where restrictions are in effect and no legal entities are used, the
kingdom message is being proclaimed, disciples are being made, and theocracy's increase continues.
In the midst of this pandemic, the preaching continues.
Many experiences are happening globally.
Now one I received and confirmed from two elders serving at Warwick Bethel, I think you'll
appreciate so much going on and so many nice experiences with a healthcare system that
operates dozens of hospitals across the United States, and many of them were COVID hotspots.
They wanted to publish a video interview featuring two frontline healthcare workers in
one of the hospitals.
Well, it happened that the two nurses they chose were the interviews where our brothers.
They were asked to supply pictures of the family.
One of the pictures had been taken before the pandemic in front of a paradise scene in
one of our assembly halls.
Now the woman coordinating the video interviews told the brother that she recognized that
scene.
So he asked her if she was a witness.
She replied, no, but I studied with the witnesses and I know it's the truth.
I can see how close we are to the end.
The brother then told her that be happy to know that the second nurse whom she had interviewed
the day before was also a witness, then the woman burst into tears.
She said it made sense that the two nurses selected for this interview would both be witnesses.
I can see it in your approach and the belief in something bigger than this.
And she said she planned to resume her Bible studies.
We pray for this woman and all the wonderful experiences happening as the preaching goes
on during this pandemic.
So this is all happening because Jehovah's Witnesses plant and water and God keeps making
it grow.
All glory goes to Jehovah.
At this meeting, as was pointed out last year with the announcement about the Ramapo project,
you will learn that the faithful slave is not slowing down.
We have more work to do until Jehovah says the preaching work is finished.
As we look to the future, we are confident that Jehovah will care for the spiritual and
material needs of his people.
He and his son Jesus Christ will continue to provide the heavenly direction and support
needed to complete the kingdom preaching work.
We therefore beg Jehovah for his spirit to finish the work he has given us.